[Music]
eight main differences between true love
and just a crush
have you ever had a crash or fallen in
love in the heat of so many powerful
emotions it can be hard to tell them
apart a crush can feel like love but it
might just be a passing fancies and
before you know it you've moved on if
you aren't sure whether you feel love or
a crush keep watching to learn how these
two powerful forces differ and don't
forget to click the subscribe button and
turn on notifications to join us on the
bright side of life number eight a crush
is short-lived a crush can happen
overnight one day you can't stand a boy
in your class the next day you notice
that he's cute and now he's all you can
think about you might get a crush on
someone you barely know perhaps someone
you've never even spoken to but when you
see them your feelings are so strong
that it's like the whole world fades
away and you're sure you're meant to be
together for the rest of your lives your
ability to make rational decisions might
be impaired and you might feel like you
love a person you don't even know and
who doesn't know who you are
at some point rationality might sink in
and you'll realize you aren't attracted
to that person a crush can end as
quickly as it started in the space of a
single day
you can't stop having a crush love
however can't be shut down in the same
way
crushes can fizzle out leaving you with
a series of embarrassing stories and
making you wonder what was I thinking
but it can also develop into love in
pursuit
number seven love develops over time
when you think of the phrase fall in
love it suggests that it's something
that happens over time with love comes
intimacy and it takes a while to get to
know a person at such an intimate level
love occurs gradually it's growing when
you become friends with the other person
when you discover the things your
partner likes and when you see how
you're compatible and how your
differences make you right for each
other
love focuses on factual knowledge of the
other person crushes are more about
having a fantastical idea about how
someone is when you're in love you know
the good things and the bad things about
the other person when you have a crush
the idea of your crush having
imperfections can be unimaginable how
could anything be wrong with Kylie she's
absolutely perfect someone who is in
love would notice how their partner is
good at making them laugh and also how
they can be so annoying with their
constant talking about finances a person
in love sees the full picture and
decides to stick around to see more
number six a crush is like riding an
emotional roller coaster if you've ever
had a crush how did you feel you might
have experienced amazing times when you
felt you could conquer the world and
take on any challenge life threw at you
you felt invincible and nothing could
get in your way because having a crush
causes so many powerful emotions it can
feel like you're living in another plane
of existence you might be so excited
about your crash that you forget to eat
and drink and you walk around thinking
about them all the time sometimes even
putting your safety in jeopardy
it's such an exciting time that you need
to tell your friends your family and the
cashier at the grocery store in a way
having a crush is like floating on
clouds elevating you sometimes even
making you see the whole world through
rose-tinted glasses with the highs of
crashes come the lows when you say
goodbye to your crush after hanging out
it can leave you feeling exhilarated but
if you don't see them for a while after
that your mood can really drop maybe you
don't want to leave your room can't
bring yourself to go to a party because
your crush won't be there or your grades
might take a dive because you're
distracted having a crush can be like
having tunnel visions when your crush is
at the end of the tunnel there's a
bright light in your life when your
crush is absent it can be very hard to
deal with these back and forth emotions
can be exhausting
number 5 love is steady and more
balanced being in love is a more
grounding experience instead of feeling
like you're floating on air you feel
like your feet are steadily on the
ground you get a different kind of power
from being so solid as with a crush you
also feel like you can take on the world
but now it's because you have a partner
by your side who will help you through
everything you're still excited about
seeing them but you're also excited
about your future plans when you part
with your loved one you don't get
anxious because you are protected by the
knowledge that you love each other
no matter the distance because the
emotions are more steady overall instead
of draining you like crushes love can
actually become energizing number four
people in love stick together through
thick and thin couples in love already
know what makes the other person tick
and what difficulties they're likely to
face with each other when the first
major relationship fight happens they
don't call it quits because the
relationship is tied together with
steady bonds and these bonds go beyond
physical attraction it could be that
they want to live in the same place
share a passion for art or nerdy things
or have similar career interests they've
always had realistic expectations so
they know that having differences in a
going through challenges and being upset
with your partner are natural parts of
life number three
love puts more focus on being who you
are people who are in love and have
gotten through the crush stage are
comfortable facing each other as they
really are see each other without makeup
or without nice clothes check
kissing immediately after waking up
morning breath and all check allowing
the other person in when you feel most
vulnerable check these are always
couples who love each other show they
are comfortable in each other's presence
and have decided to be who they truly
are there isn't a need to impress the
other person with makeup perfect hair
and fashionable clothes anymore staying
in and wearing pajamas all day long is
considered perfectly acceptable
of course many couples decide to keep
impressing each other physically once in
love but only because they feel like it
not because they think their
relationship is founded on how they look
number two a crush can fade away when
difficulties arise
what happens if tomorrow you discover
your crush actively dislikes your
favorite band or when your crush acts
short with you or is annoying a point
always comes when you see how your crush
truly is and you get to see all their
flaws for someone with a crush the other
person's flaws might be too much to
handle or more than they signed up for
since they only signed up for fun and
joy but there are others who learn of
the flaws and decide to remain together
number one a crush focuses on appearance
when you're going to see your crush you
might stand in front of the mirror
twirling your hair and thinking about
how you can make yourself look prettier
sexier or cuter this is because a crush
is all about appearance and how you come
off when they see you physical
attraction is strongly at play here you
know that there are things about
yourself you could never show your crush
maybe things you consider to be
imperfections like stretch marks uneven
skin tone scars for your natural hair
you're convinced that if they saw them
it would be too humiliating for you to
bear you'd probably have to leave the
country there's a strong focus on how
you look and how your crush looks
every time you see them your palms get
sweaty your heart starts pumping and the
butterflies in your stomach start
fluttering like crazy if you can draw a
picture of your crush from memory but
can't say what their dreams are the
hardships they've gone through and what
they care about the most
that suggests a crush over love love
includes a deep insight into your
partner's personality if you have a
crush and aren't sure how to define it
don't worry too much about it both
experiences are healthy fun and a normal
part of life so tell us bright ciders
have you always been able to tell
whether you have a crush or you love
someone let us know in the comments
section don't forget to give this video
a like share it with your friends and
click subscribe to stay on the bright
side
[Music]